yo what's up this your boy beans sorry
for the up Pat yeah just came
from work so just gonna show you guys
just how to change your tune up or at
least change the spark plugs for the
most part I got my mm max in myself
basically what's going on here is that
you got the cover on the block right and
it's got about one two three four you
know bolts on it and the only way you
can take a coffee stallone with a allen
key you know so once you take the cover
the bolts and the cover off you know i'm
saying you got to get yourself for five
eeap's extension every five eighths it's
got the rubber and also is for the spark
plugs
it's got the rubber need an extension
four inches three inches fortunately I
have maybe like a two inch that's my leg
extension anyway basically once you take
the cover off especially for this type
of call from the 2,000 max and we get
the three coils you got one two and then
three which look like this they got the
little covers on it
that's the spark plug on which - looks
good
so basically you know as long as you got
a wrench socket 5/8 socket and extension
I don't know but I got my own that's how
you you know that's what you mainly need
no with the extension you know what you
use with the wrench that's what you use
to get the to get the socket on quick
cannot be right back but yeah you know
we got different prices for different
types of spark plugs and stuff like that
and then again the middle branch you
know like the four dollar ones the most
expensive ones I like the 1095 ones I
think those are like the Platinum ones
the real real good ones I got the
regular G sparks all right fresh and
clean once I take loans out they'll
probably see how dirty it is you know
what I'm gonna have done with this up
let me just
this is gonna be something